I answer okay This is
Cristina Seguí's trial okay Cristina Seguí was
convicted in the first instance and is
appealing Cristina Seguí posted a video
on Twitter it was a live on Instagram
that some girls had done eh You can't
see their faces and the girls were talking in
that video like oh they were going to
interview her on TV I don't know what And then
Cristina criticized them look what
the girls are saying they want to go on
TV I don't know what something like that okay It's not
literal the girls talk about the
sexual assault in full and this is him
uploading videos to his I don't know if YouTube
tiktok and these things okay Seguí published
on his Twitter account and on his
Telegram channel a video made live
the day before by a minor in which she
spoke with two other girls about the
sexual assault of which they had been
victims bu question but I don't I don't I don't know the
text from memory I don't know the text from memory
it's like but let's go you don't know it's not
telling you clearly it's not telling you that what you
transcribe it is
telling you if we talk about something as
important as rape  and more or
less at what part of the video exactly
and at what moment in the video can
that be said clearly?